name:Zokuto no Bakusha
carriesraid:true

mindistancefromspawn:2000

weight:10
radius:50
biome:extreme hills
biome:foresthills
biome:forest
biome:taiga

//Addon ALL
biome:infdev
biome:infdev snow
biome:indev

//Addon Extreme Hills
biome:volcano
biome:flying mountains
biome:highlands
biome:mountains
biome:lonely mountain
biome:volcano island
biome:summit
biome:foothills
biome:canyon
biome:mountain
biome:hills
biome:canyon high1
biome:canyon high2
biome:canyon high3
biome:canyon fields
biome:canyon lake
biome:canyon_high1
biome:canyon_high2
biome:canyon_high3
biome:canyon_fields
biome:canyon_lake

//Addon Extreme Hills Edge
biome:cliffs
biome:mesa
biome:mountain ridge
biome:extreme hills edge

//Addon Forest Hills
biome:woodland mountains
biome:forested hills
biome:foresthills
biome:forest high
biome:forest_high

//Addon Forest
biome:bamboo forest
biome:birch forest
biome:cherry blossom grove
biome:dead forest
biome:deciduous forest
biome:fungi forest
biome:grove
biome:heathland
biome:mangrove
biome:maple woods
biome:meadow forest
biome:mystic grove
biome:ominous woods
biome:orchard
biome:redwood forest
biome:seasonal forest
biome:thicket
biome:woodland
biome:autumn forest
biome:birch forest
biome:mixed forest
biome:primordial forest
biome:redwood forest
biome:woodlands
biome:forest island
biome:autumn woods
biome:woodland
biome:prairie forest
biome:hollow
biome:forest lakes
biome:seasonalforest
biome:savannaforest
biome:savanna forest
biome:forest normal
biome:forest lakes
biome:forest plains
biome:forest border
biome:savanna_forest
biome:forest_normal
biome:forest_lakes
biome:forest_plains
biome:forest_border

//Addon Taiga
biome:pinelands
biome:tall pine forest
biome:snow island
biome:pine forest
biome:snowy forest
biome:snowy rainforest
biome:snow pines
biome:snow forest
biome:snow taiga
biome:pines
biome:snowpines
biome:snowforest
biome:snowtaiga
biome:ice forest
biome:snowpine lake
biome:snowpine forest
biome:snowpine field
biome:snowpine border
biome:pine normal
biome:pine mix
biome:pine border
biome:snowpine_lake
biome:snowpine_forest
biome:snowpine_field
biome:snowpine_border
biome:pine_normal
biome:pine_mix
biome:pine_border

//starting buildings:
centre:banditfort