name:Chota Mandir
weight:5
radius:12
biome:extreme hills
biome:forest
biome:foresthills
biome:deserthills
biome:desert

//Addon ALL
biome:infdev
biome:infdev snow
biome:indev

//Addon Extreme Hills
biome:volcano
biome:flying mountains
biome:highlands
biome:mountains
biome:lonely mountain
biome:volcano island
biome:summit
biome:foothills
biome:canyon
biome:mountain
biome:hills
biome:canyon high1
biome:canyon high2
biome:canyon high3
biome:canyon fields
biome:canyon lake
biome:canyon_high1
biome:canyon_high2
biome:canyon_high3
biome:canyon_fields
biome:canyon_lake

//Addon Extreme Hills Edge
biome:cliffs
biome:mesa
biome:mountain ridge
biome:extreme hills edge

//Addon Forest
biome:bamboo forest
biome:birch forest
biome:cherry blossom grove
biome:dead forest
biome:deciduous forest
biome:fungi forest
biome:grove
biome:heathland
biome:mangrove
biome:maple woods
biome:meadow forest
biome:mystic grove
biome:ominous woods
biome:orchard
biome:redwood forest
biome:seasonal forest
biome:thicket
biome:woodland
biome:autumn forest
biome:birch forest
biome:mixed forest
biome:primordial forest
biome:redwood forest
biome:woodlands
biome:forest island
biome:autumn woods
biome:woodland
biome:prairie forest
biome:hollow
biome:forest lakes
biome:seasonalforest
biome:savannaforest
biome:savanna forest
biome:forest normal
biome:forest lakes
biome:forest plains
biome:forest border
biome:savanna_forest
biome:forest_normal
biome:forest_lakes
biome:forest_plains
biome:forest_border

//Addon Forest Hills
biome:woodland mountains
biome:forested hills
biome:foresthills
biome:forest high
biome:forest_high

//Addon Desert Hills
biome:dunes
biome:mountain desert
biome:sandstonehill
biome:desert_hills

//Addon Desert
biome:desert island
biome:oasis
biome:sand forest
biome:desert_flat
biome:desert_lakes
biome:desert_oasis
biome:desert_border
biome:desert flat
biome:desert lakes
biome:desert oasis
biome:desert border

//starting buildings:
centre:loneshrine